Mkdocs added to /docs resolves #334 (#345)
Mirantis/hmc: docs/index.md

# Welcome to HMC Docs

# Introduction

> The HMC is part of Mirantis Project 2A and is focused and developing a consitent 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HMC is part of Mirantis Project 2A and is focused and developing a consistent 
```

way to deploy and manage kubernetes clusters at scale. More informaiton can be 
found [here](./introduction.md) 

## Providers

> HMC leverage the Cluster API provider ecosystem, the following providers have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HMC leverages the Cluster API provider ecosystem, the following providers have 
```
